README.md, before:

# 🔎 samply.lens 🔍 

This library implements a set of standardized services and components for building search-, exploration- and visualization applications.
The primary target of this library is to deliver a good amount of building blocks while also being open to extensions for all kinds of use cases like different back-end services.


## Changelog
[Learn about the latest improvements][changelog]

## Development Setup

### Prerequisites

- Install [Node.js] which includes [Node Package Manager][npm]

### Setting Up a Project

Install the Angular CLI globally:

```
npm install -g @angular/cli
```

Create workspace:

```
ng new [PROJECT NAME]
```

Run the application:

```
cd [PROJECT NAME]
npm install lens-core lens-components
ng serve
```

### Further help
To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## Build With
- [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)
- [PrimeNG](https://www.primefaces.org/primeng)


[changelog]: CHANGELOG.md
[contributing]: CONTRIBUTING.md


## License

Copyright 2019 - 2023 The Samply Community

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

build: added scripts for easier development

README.md, after:

# 🔎 samply.lens 🔍 

This library implements a set of standardized services and components for building search-, exploration- and visualization applications.
The primary target of this library is to deliver a good amount of building blocks while also being open to extensions for all kinds of use cases like different back-end services.


## Changelog
[Learn about the latest improvements][changelog]

## Development Setup

To get started with the development on lens, you will need to first install all dependencies
``` shell
npm install
```

With the project dependencies set up, you can now run

``` shell
npm run watch
```

which will automatically start building @samply/lens-core and @samply/lens-components. 

Finally to link the local build of the library to you local npm package registry you need to run

``` shell
npm run link
```

### Further help
To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## Build With
- [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)
- [PrimeNG](https://www.primefaces.org/primeng)


[changelog]: CHANGELOG.md
[contributing]: CONTRIBUTING.md


## License

Copyright 2019 - 2023 The Samply Community

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
